Welcome back for this exercise I'd like you to build another pie chart.
In this video.
I'll demonstrate what I'd like you to do.
The dataset you'll be working with should look familiar.
It's the breakdown of births by month and by year that we first looked at when we learned about our
graphs this time around though I'd like to graph the data as a pie chart so that we can more easily
see births per month as a fraction of the total number of births for the year.
Here's the eventual chart you should be working towards as you can see it's got a couple of different
features.
First when the page loads you see a graph for the year 1967.
The months are color coded.
January is this blue wedge at the top and the graph is sorted by month.
So the next wedge is February and March and so on.
There's also a range on the bottom so you can change the year that you're looking at and have the text
update finally.
I've also got an entire pie chart which groups data by quarter rather than by month.
For example the blue wedge represents all births from January through March and the green which represents
all births from April through June.
I consider building this visualization in three stages.
First just focus on a chart showing data for every month in a single year.
Second at a range and put so that you can adjust the year but still show the data for every month.
Lastly try to build this in her chart that group stated by quarter instead of by month.
You should consider this last stage of bonus.
I've given you a minimal amount of HCM Ellen CSSA to get started.
Feel free to style your visualization in a way that's completely different from what you see here.
Good luck.
I'll show you my solution in the next video.